hello good afternoon
cool wallpaper you also
where the city of khmelnitsky ukraine you
and i myself and the
altai region barnaul yes it’s cool i want you there barnuli the
walls are shabby wiring it’s
not but it’s clear that even when we were
together when ukraine russia then
built and then a
special operation  support in the 9th year
a special operation was built support
depending on the sense in the literal
direct
read whether Putin did it right or
wrong
Depending on the purpose
from your point of view,
you know the purpose of your president there,
from my point of view, I think it’s right,
well, you see Yes, I hear everyone who is sitting in
in such ordinary workshops, they don’t think
how short it is for the employer to give them
normal working conditions They think it’s
right Why do you think that I have
normal working conditions
because I saw what
normal working conditions look
like, get divorced on your wall and say get
divorced look later  be seduced and tell me
honestly like this, but don’t whine, I have
normal conditions t  ore Come on, if someone is the
first to neigh, he lost
to change Turn around to the stand you may not
have seen the wall divorced
count to three so that you know this picture
How to fix the camera,
I understood Why do you want a chat tablet
this is the only place where you can’t
see a [ __ ] These walls You know, you’re sitting here at
work  [ __ ] despondency [ __ ] neck doing in
this life [ __ ] here came out about saw a
normal background like Yes explaining where the
walls are
and where the walls are here despite the fact that
your country is Russia instead of
somehow developing the economy and instead
of
forcing employers to
do normal working conditions in  including
carpentry shops so that they are
engaged in the fact that somewhere they kill people
in Ukraine spends a lot of money and you are
sitting Here you [ __ ] here I really
tell you what kind of toilet you have There is probably
such a shorter one without a toilet bowl there is this
hole like this Yes  the tank at the top is like the old
Soviet type, show
me the damn thing you have to go to it
That's because there is a stupid hole
so you all think that in Russia everything is so
bad yes Well, look, I was sitting in such a
workshop talking with you in chat roulette I
earn a month Fifty kopecks, that is,
[ __ ] without doing it just how much
fifty kopecks
is in dollars how much
I don’t know what you have 70  or that
maybe you earn 800 dollars like this
and I get 50 thousand My wife, sitting at home
with children, just receives subsidies in the form of
52 thousand rubles, just 2000 already,
and now you imagine it’s just for [ __ ]
not doing it,
I’m not talking about the fact that I’m on my
weekends  I work somewhere because it's
just [ __ ] boring for me to sit at home they
just pay 50 grand for sitting on a roulette table
if you started working you got even more
Estimate yes [ __ ] I'm in [ __ ] hell
I’ll like it
Yes, damn it, I’d
sit on the walls for 700 already Damn, now
I understand, of course, I think your salary
there is 10 thousand rubles once 50 thousand rubles,
then there is almost 800 bucks 700 something  about the type
it’s also Cool And 700 it turns
out 7 bucks at 7:49 Yes,
maybe a damn rumor, but In short, I’m wasting you
if they pay you such a huge salary
you’re normal slop They could make a
point there anyway there’s no
normal toilet Soviet workshops weren’t
normal  toilet bowls So I said that it’s
Soviet
how long it takes Yeah, well, if you go through the
whole plant, it’s about
minutes, I understand correctly that you have
working conditions that those are 5 minutes to the nearest
bucket, and I’m here to [ __ ]  I
’m coming, I understand correctly that it’s
five minutes from you to the nearest
slop bucket Well, that is, you have one huge slop bucket for the entire plant Why not 5 minutes is good if you wanted to take a [ __ ] So it
happened that you had something in your stomach there,
that is, you  should run not in 5 But in
three minutes to run or to
[ __ ] you when you puff up right
valve tears everything from you so
complicated it happened to the valve it’s
not shorter for me Five minutes five minutes to
run
[ __ ] Well, you know when  your valves are torn out, you
also need to go to the urologist, you
already know the problems are not so the valve, not
only where is the urologist, there are also valves if
you have a valve there.
it's
good And if you walk for five
minutes And how many [ __ ] booths are there
You really wonder
It's shorter
Show Around this wall If you don't want to
ask show me what other walls No
I can't
So you drive you don't get 150 thousand
rubles
Secret [ __ ] doesn't work 50 thousand
rubles  you sit like someone forgotten in a
shorter hangar there and
they pay you 10 thousand rubles and all this is unequivocal
and a slop bucket 5 minutes
3 in 5 minutes you can get out of one
to get dressed out of one building and go to take a
[ __ ] in a
neighboring workplace you are interested in
convenience see What  I'm only interested in the workplace
. In short,
when I get a job, I'm
only interested in paying
my [ __ ] salary regular about  on or not
a [ __ ] tool and all that kind of
workplace and the toilet is not included conditions
provide
[ __ ] I don’t give a [ __ ] to you but a
wash basin  in short, it’s
cold that in winter it’s cold to run to the jerk,
I think that someone
thinks it’s cold here,
what else Tell us about your
job What is your job called?